[VASH inhales]
Hi, everybody. Morning.
[VASH gasps]
[AI VOICE A] This is a Level
E-three emergency...
[VASH]
Nai! Rem!
[REM]
Get in. Quickly.
[VASH]
Hey!
[REM]
Getting to know you two...
...has meant the
whole world to me!
[VASH]
Please don't!
Rem, no!
[KNIVES laughs]
[KNIVES] I finally did it!
A brilliant success!
[laughs]
[KNIVES]
You're my accomplice.
Vash?
[RADIO HOST B]
Wasteland is an understatement.
"Land" implies
something livable.
This pit's got no water, food...
If it weren't for plants,
our ancestors would've met God
long before they had a
chance to repopulate.
Maybe they should have.
Can we call it a miracle
that we get to barely exist
in this hellscape?
Or should we call it as it is:
an inheritance of bad luck.
Anyway, here's a tune.
[RADIO HOST A]
Late last night,
two dangerous criminals
escaped the May City Prison!
These prisoners are known
as the Nebraska Family.
They'd been incarcerated on
69 counts of manslaughter
and an additional 12 counts
of attempted murder.
[TOWNSMAN A]
May City?
[TOWNSMAN B]
Too close for comfort.
Let me make sure
I'm following you.
This mad man running
around stealing plants
and wreaking havoc
is in fact, not you.
[VASH]
Mm-hm.
Although, he does look like you.
Because this guy's your
identical twin brother.
[VASH]
Mm-hm.
[MERYL grunts]
[ROBERTO sighs] You're saying
we've got ourselves
an evil twin scenario, huh?
That sounds a bit too
convenient for me.
No tangible proof, though.
Gonna take more
than a pretty story
for us to stick our
necks out for ya.
[VASH gasps, whimpers]
[MERYL]
Crying won't help your case.
[VASH sighs]
[ROBERTO] So, this mystery
brother, "Knives," of yours.
What could a guy like him
possibly want with the plants?
[MERYL]
The money? Or is it about honor?
[ROBERTO] Nothing spurs
people like revenge.
[ROBERTO]
Hm?
[MERYL yelps]
Hi there, kiddo.
Those guys for me?
[TONIS grunts]
[VASH] Thank you, Tonis.
I'll keep your buddies safe.
[MERYL chuckles] What a truly
heartwarming scene.
Please, you're not even looking.
[MERYL]
Are the bugs gone?
Almost.
[ROSA]
Quit that, boy!
How many times do I have to tell
you not to bring your Worms
in here?
Mama loves you,
baby, now shoo!
You didn't have to do
that on my account...
[ROSA]
Sorry, Vash.
[guns clicking]
[VASH, MERYL]
Huh?
[MERYL yelps]
It's the cash, not you.
[gasps]
[VASH yelling]
[ROSA]
Don't let him get away!
[VASH pants]
[TOWNSMAN C]
Found him! Come on!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Yes sir!
[TOWNSMAN A]
There he is!
[VASH gasps]
Uh-oh.
[TOWNSMAN D]
We've got him!
Heads up!
--Now, go!
--[ROBERTO] Yeah, yeah.
[VASH yelps]
[ALL grunt]
[ROBERTO]
What the hell is going on here?
[MERYL]
Get off.
[VASH] If you figure
it out, lemme know.
[grunting]
Are you a bad driver or
do you just want to die?
[SOLDIER A]
All the cars in these parts
are buckets of bolts.
Oh, boo! Well, my son can't
lose anymore braincells!
[SOLDIER A] If you wanted
a smoother ride,
you should've hit a
big city like July.
[NEBRASKA]
You know, I think I will.
Just as soon as
we poach this punk
and Papa rakes in his six milly!
He's quite the goon, with that
dumb, slack jawed look.
We'll snatch him up in no time!
Won't we, Gofsef?
[grunts] Ugh. Why'd they
have to use this photo?
[ROBERTO]
That's your issue?
[TOWNSMAN A] So those journalist
folks are part of his gang?
[TOWNSMAN C] Who cares.
Catch 'em either way.
[TOWNSMAN A] Yeah, then we
can demand a higher bounty.
[ROBERTO] And this is why
we don't save lost puppies.
[MERYL]
Sorry.
[ROBERTO] Hey, puppy,
this would be easier
if you'd put up a fight.
[VASH] Huh? Are you really in
the mood for a shoot-out?
Not me.
What's your deal?
Wait, let me guess.
You forgot ammo.
No, I even packed extra,
I would just prefer
not to use it.
Bullets are pretty pricey,
you know.
[MERYL] Yeah, and so is
paying for our bail!
I could buy one bullet or
two dozen donuts though!
We're as good as dead.
C'mon, guys,
we're gonna live, okay?
All we gotta do is to get
our butts out of town.
[MERYL, ROBERTO]
Huh?
[TOWNSMAN A]
This way!
[TOWNSMAN F]
Someone saw him!
[TOWNSMAN B]
There!
[TOWNSMAN G]
Right!
[TOWNSMAN C]
That's a dead end!
[TOWNSMEN gasp]
[TOWNSMAN A]
Damn. He got us.
[TOWNSMAN F]
Keep looking!
[ROSA] Vash, don't make
this harder on me.
[NEBRASKA] Should be a fun hunt!
Right, Gofsef?
[SOLDIER A]
Huh?
Someone's already
caught your guy.
Really?!
That whale won't stop me!
Run them all over!
[SOLDIER A]
Huh? Seriously?
You promised you would let
me go before we hit town!
[NEBRASKA]
Silence him, Gofsef.
[SOLDIER A yells]
[NEBRASKA]
You imbecile!
Now who's going to
drive this death trap?
[NEBRASKA screams]
[ROSA] With the plant
in its current state,
this money is our last hope.
[MERYL]
How can you be so cruel?
You would sacrifice the man
who saved your town twice?
It's heartless!
[ROSA] We're well
aware of that, missy.
If it were just us here we
wouldn't do it, trust me.
But we have our children
to think about.
And I won't sit idly by while
our poor babies starve to death.
I'm sorry, Vash.
Spare me the blame.
Lady Luck can be a real bitch.
[grunts]
[rumbling]
[ROSA gasps]
Tonis, no!
[grunts]
[ROBERTO, MERYL cough]
[ROBERTO]
Are you alive?
[MERYL]
Yeah.
--[ROSA] Baby?
--[TONIS grunts]
[NEBRASKA] Power is justice!
Power is truth!
There is no future for the
sniveling slug who can't fight!
Show thyself, Vash the Stampede!
The Furious Fists of
the Nebraska Family
challenge you to a duel!
Come out, come out,
wherever you are!
[MERYL]
Where're you goin'?
[NEBRASKA]
Money! Come back!
[MERYL grunts]
Let's go after them!
[ROBERTO]
Let's not--Hey!
[ROSA gasps]
[VASH]
Get the heck out of here!
You get out of here!
That lunatic is going
to run you over!
There's no escaping us now!
Nuh-uh!
[MERYL grunts]
[NEBRASKA grunts] He's using
the rocks, our worst enemy!
My son is braindead enough,
you bastard!
Now, Gofsef!
[GOFSEF grunts]
[VASH gasps]
Felt the fury right there.
[NEBRASKA]
I hope you like pancakes,
cause you're going
to become one!
[NEBRASKA laughs]
Huh...? Huh?!
Curse this damned doohickey!
They stall out?
[VASH sighs]
Who knows?
Well--
[gasps]
Stop running and
fight the Family!
[VASH] No thanks, I'm not
huge fan of, ya know, pain.
What the...?
You must have some sense of
pride as a gunman, mustn't you?
[VASH]
Mm. Yeah, no.
[gasps]
You coward!
I despise waste of life
cream puffs like you!
You have to fight tooth and nail
to survive in this world!
If those who can't hack it run
away and die like chickens,
then so be it! But you?
I expected more, Stampede!
[GOFSEF, NEBRASKA grunt]
[VASH]
That hurt.
[NEBRASKA coughs] He can't take
anymore head injuries, kapeesh?
[GOFSEF groans]
[VASH]
Take it easy, pops!
[NEBRASKA]
I'll take you easy!
Gofsef.
No time for chitchat!
You're coward-ifying
as we speak!
You bring great shame
to the name Nebraska.
Damn! Damn!
Without that dough,
it's back to the ol' clink for
your favorite family. Unless...
[VASH grunts]
[MERYL]
I agree with the maniac.
Are you so short-sighted that
you believe running away
makes you some kind of saint?
[MERYL grunts] It's lame.
Not an act of kindness.
You just don't want to get hurt.
Running away isn't some
brave thing to do.
[ROBERTO exhales] That's quite
enough out of you, newbie.
Right.
[VASH]
Okay. I may not be the bravest,
but what's so terrible
about being a little timid?
Is fighting head-on
always right?
It risks lives, and for what?
[gasps]
--[TOWNSPEOPLE shouting]
--[gunshots]
[TOWNSMAN F] Don't let them in!
Fire at will!
[BOTH gasp]
Mama!
[GOFSEF grunts]
[TOWNSMEN shout]
Thanks to my brilliant idea,
we'll get our hands on
something greater than
that porcupine-haired fool.
A real-life treasure!
[RADIO VOICE A]
Intruders at the factory!
We need backup!
Hurry, we can't hold them--
[RADIO VOICE A yells]
[ROBERTO sighs]
What now?
Get in, newbie!
[MERYL]
Coming!
[NEBRASKA]
Power is justice!
Power is truth!
If you've got no power,
then you've just gotta die!
[ROSA pants]
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
Rosa!
If we shoot now,
we risk hitting the plant.
Ya'll just stay right here.
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
Rosa!
[ROSA yells]
[ROSA] Hand over the plant,
or you thugs are gonna get it!
[GOFSEF grunts]
[VASH grunts]
[gasps]
[NEBRASKA]
Look who it is!
[ALL gasp]
[NEBRASKA] So, coward,
you finally come crawling back!
You strategic bugger, you.
Did all that running to lead
us away from the plant, eh?
Well, who cares?
Treasure is good and fun,
but my son and I are pumped
and ready to rumble.
[NEBRASKA]
Gofsef!
[VASH gasps]
[VASH]
Woo!
[NEBRASKA grunts] Lovely,
but this ain't the ballet! Draw!
Jeez, guy! Why won't you shoot?
[VASH]
Why won't you?
[NEBRASKA grumbles]
Just one round for this baby
costs a boatload and
we're short on dough!
Not that I need your charity!
We've all got
our problems, huh?
[NEBRASKA] Problems? Here's a
new one for you. Gofsef!
[GOFSEF grunts]
[NEBRASKA]
I might as well, eh?
It's what the damn
thing's made for!
[gasps]
Vash, no...
You okay?
That'll show ya!
Any sniveling slug too
scared to fight must die!
[VASH]
Close call, pops.
[gasps]
[grunts] Can you guys
cool it for a second?
[VASH sighs] I'm really not
in the mood for violence.
[NEBRASKA]
When the world ends
will it ask if you're
in the mood?
Listen, if you take that plant,
the people here aren't
gonna make it.
[NEBRASKA] The people trying
to kill you mere moments ago?
They're far worse than
your standard villain.
At least we didn't pretend
to be your friends.
[GOFSEF grunts]
[NEBRASKA] Why would you save
a city full of traitors?
[VASH]
I don't have any reason not to.
[NEBRASKA] What do you mean,
they deceived you?
[VASH]
Eh, I don't really care.
[NEBRASKA]
Have you any sense of pride?
I told you I don't, plus these
people were kind to me.
It's that simple.
I want to save them.
If that's so, argh!
Fight me now!
[gasps]
Seriously?
If you'll let me,
I want to save you, too.
Oh, good. Who the hell's
side are you on?
[gasps]
Uh-oh! Run quickly, my boy!
[NEBRASKA grunts]
[NEBRASKA]
Come on, son!
[GOFSEF grunting]
Hurry you big lug!
[GOFSEF]
Gof... Gofsef.
[VASH gasps]
You're almost there!
[GOFSEF gasps]
Gofsef!
[gasps]
[NEBRASKA]
My baby! No!
[ROSA gasps]
[VASH gasps]
[VASH]
Hang tight! I've got you!
[NEBRASKA]
Your daddy's coming!
[gunshots]
[NEBRASKA gasps]
[VASH]
Don't shoot!
Please, my darling
son is in danger.
[grunts]
Rosa! Drop that!
I could use some help here!
[gasps] Swear on your life
you'll give back our plant?
[NEBRASKA]
Yes, ma'am!
[grunts]
Let's pull, y'all!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
[ROSA] And, pull! And, pull!
And, pull! And, pull!
[ROSA]
And, pull!
[NEBRASKA]
My precious Gofsef!
Thank goodness you're safe!
Daddy will never put
you in harm's way again!
[NEBRASKA sobs]
My sweet angel baby!
[gasps]
That's Vash the Stampede, huh?
[chuckles]
[MERYL]
What a weirdo.
[NEBRASKA] Welp, places to go,
things to do.
[VASH]
Nothing evil, I hope.
[NEBRASKA grunts]
[ROSA]
Stop right there.
[ROSA] Ah! A barrel of
booze for everyone!
We all deserve it after today!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
[NEBRASKA grunts]
Boors that imbibe at this hour?
They're the true filth
of our society!
[ROSA] Hello, there!
Don't be shy, crazy!
I don't partake in the stuff.
[ROSA]
Huh?
[gasps]
[TOWNSMAN K]
And that's what she said.
[TOWNSMAN B]
I'll get drunk.
[GOFSEF grunts, gasps]
[MERYL grunts]
Listen!
You say that I'm not
long for this world,
but it's not me who's smoking
and drinking all day!
[MERYL] Pay attention!
I'm saving you!
[ROBERTO]
You couldn't spare a goodbye?
These folks'll miss you.
Well, I've never been
the type to overstay.
[ROBERTO sighs]
You're not fooling me.
Even if you wanted to stay
for awhile, you couldn't.
[grunts]
[ROBERTO] Who are you so
convinced is after you?
Oh, wait, I know this one,
don't tell me.
That'd be Millions
Knives, huh?
[TOWNSWOMAN C screams]
[GOFSEF grunting]
We have a situation here!
[ROBERTO]
I see that.
[NEBRASKA]
What are these creepy crawlies?
Hold on. That's lost tech!
[GOFSEF grunting]
[NEBRASKA]
Gofsef, no!
[grunting]